# Bachelor Thesis: Pay-per-bid Auction Simulator

I developed this software as my bachelor thesis at the University of Paderborn. You can download the theoretical part  - only in German - as PDF file here: http://www.mendeley.com/profiles/florian-stallmann/ .
This application simulates pay-per-bid auctions for scientific experiments, which are configurable by a lot of different settings and parameters.

## Installation

You need a webserver like Apache, PHP 5 and a database like MySQL. Furthermore you need to download Symfony 1.4, which is not included in the download above, and place it in the `lib/vendor/symfony` folder. You can download Symfony here: http://www.symfony-project.org/installation . I used version 1.4.11 for my thesis but any 1.4.x version should work.

To configure the database, please edit the `config/databases.yml` file and run the symfony task `$ php symfony doctrine:build --all --no-confirmation`. There is also some example data included via fixtures: `$ php symfony doctrine:data-load`.

To log into the backend you need a username and a password which can be added and changed in the `apps/backend/config/app.yml` file. The default username is admin with the password payperbid.

You have to configure your apache so that your url points to the web-folder. The software will not work inside sub-directories. Here is my apache config:
`Listen 127.0.0.1:8082
<VirtualHost 127.0.0.1:8082>
  ServerAdmin webmaster@localhost
  DocumentRoot "/home/florian/public_html/bachelor/web"
  DirectoryIndex index.php
  <Directory "/home/florian/public_html/bachelor/web">
    AllowOverride All
    Allow from All
  </Directory>

  Alias /sf /home/florian/public_html/bachelor/lib/vendor/symfony/data/web/sf
  <Directory "/home/florian/public_html/bachelor/lib/vendor/symfony/data/web/sf">
    AllowOverride All
    Allow from All
  </Directory>
</VirtualHost>`

Once installed you should reach the frontend under 127.0.0.1:8082 and the backend under 127.0.0.1:8082/backend.php. Sometimes it may help to call the development version: 127.0.0.1:8082/frontend_dev.php and 127.0.0.1:8082/backend_dev.php. You may also clear the cache with `$ php symfony cc` if you have any problems.

To stop auctions and for the automatic bidding bots a php script needs to be started in the background by the following command: `$ php lib/daemon.php`

For a more detailed intruction refer to the Symfony documentation: http://www.symfony-project.org/jobeet/1_4/Doctrine/en/01 .

## Using the software

A brief introduction - only in German - for using the software is available in the appendix of my thesis (see link above). The frontend is currently also only available in German.

I'll try to translate the German parts of the software and provide an English guide as soon as possible.
